README.md, before:

# 🛡️ Ultimate Phishing Analyzer

<div align="center">

![Phishing Analyzer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Security-Phishing%20Analyzer-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=shield)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-green?style=for-the-badge)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-orange?style=for-the-badge)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3.1-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.8.3-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)

**An AI-powered, real-time phishing email detection and security analysis tool with advanced threat detection capabilities.**

[Live Demo](https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app) • [Report Bug](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)

</div>

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#-overview)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Demo](#-demo)
- [Technology Stack](#-technology-stack)
- [Getting Started](#-getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [Keyboard Shortcuts](#-keyboard-shortcuts)
- [Project Structure](#-project-structure)
- [Features in Detail](#-features-in-detail)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)
- [License](#-license)
- [Acknowledgments](#-acknowledgments)

---

## 🎯 Overview

**Ultimate Phishing Analyzer** is a comprehensive, AI-powered web application designed to help users identify and analyze phishing emails in real-time. With advanced detection algorithms, gamification features, and an intuitive user interface, this tool empowers users to protect themselves from cyber threats.

### Why Use Phishing Analyzer?

- 🚀 **Real-time Analysis**: Get instant feedback as you type with live threat scoring
- 🎯 **High Accuracy**: Advanced detection engine with 85-99% confidence scoring
- 🎮 **Gamified Learning**: Interactive quizzes and achievement system to learn security best practices
- 🌐 **Multilingual Support**: Analyze emails in multiple languages
- 📊 **Comprehensive Reports**: Detailed analysis with threat breakdowns and security recommendations
- ♿ **Accessible**: Full keyboard navigation and screen reader support
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Beautiful, responsive design with dark/light mode

---

## ✨ Features

### 🔍 Core Detection Capabilities

- **Advanced Keyword Detection**: Identifies urgent, prize, threat, and action keywords
- **URL Analysis**: Detects IP-based URLs, shortened links, and suspicious domains
- **Brand Impersonation Detection**: Recognizes fake emails from popular brands (Amazon, Microsoft, PayPal, etc.)
- **Sensitive Information Requests**: Flags requests for passwords, credit cards, SSN, etc.
- **Email Header Parsing**: Validates SPF, DKIM, and DMARC authentication
- **Attachment Analysis**: Detects suspicious download mentions
- **Real-time Scoring**: Live threat scoring (0-100) with 500ms debounce

### 🎨 User Experience

- **Interactive Analysis**: URL highlighter, copy reports, share results, export to PDF
- **Example Email Library**: 7 pre-loaded examples (safe, suspicious, phishing)
- **Analysis History**: Saves last 20 analyses locally
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Smooth theme transitions
- **Micro-interactions**: Confetti for safe emails, shake animation for threats
- **Progress Stepper**: Visual 4-phase analysis indicator
- **Toast Notifications**: Real-time feedback for all actions

### 🎮 Gamification & Learning

- **Quiz Mode**: 5-question security quizzes with instant feedback
- **Achievement System**: 6 unlockable achievements
  - 🏆 First Scan (1 analysis)
  - 🎯 Phishing Hunter (5 phishing detected)
  - 🔒 Security Expert (50 analyses)
  - ⭐ Perfect Detection (100 score email)
  - 🛡️ Safe Keeper (10 safe emails)
  - 🔥 Streak Master (7 days)
- **Statistics Dashboard**: Track your progress with detailed metrics
- **Security Tips Carousel**: 10 rotating security tips with auto-rotation

### ♿ Accessibility Features

- **ARIA Labels**: Complete screen reader support
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Full keyboard accessibility
- **High Contrast Mode**: Support for visual impairments
- **Reduced Motion**: Respects user motion preferences
- **Color-blind Friendly**: Accessible color schemes

### 📊 Analysis & Reporting

- **Threat Score**: 0-100 scoring with color coding
- **Confidence Percentage**: 85-99% confidence levels
- **Detection Metrics**: Keyword matches, URL issues, sensitive requests
- **Pie Chart Visualization**: Threat breakdown
- **Security Recommendations**: Context-specific advice based on threat level
- **Export Options**: Copy to clipboard, share via URL, PDF export

---

## 🎬 Demo

### Live Application
Visit the live demo: [https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app](https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app)

### Screenshots

> **Note**: Add screenshots of your application here to showcase the UI and features.

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **React 18.3.1** - UI library
- **TypeScript 5.8.3** - Type safety
- **Vite 5.4.19** - Build tool and dev server
- **React Router DOM 6.30.1** - Routing

### UI Components & Styling
- **Tailwind CSS 3.4.17** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Radix UI** - Accessible component primitives
- **Framer Motion 12.23.22** - Animation library
- **Lucide React** - Icon library
- **Shadcn/ui** - Re-usable component library

### State Management & Data
- **TanStack React Query 5.83.0** - Server state management
- **React Hook Form 7.61.1** - Form handling
- **Zod 3.25.76** - Schema validation
- **Supabase** - Backend and database (optional)

### Utilities
- **date-fns** - Date manipulation
- **jsPDF** - PDF generation
- **canvas-confetti** - Celebration effects
- **clsx & tailwind-merge** - Conditional styling

### Development Tools
- **ESLint** - Code linting
- **TypeScript ESLint** - TypeScript-specific linting
- **Autoprefixer** - CSS vendor prefixing
- **PostCSS** - CSS processing

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- **Node.js** (v18.0.0 or higher)
- **npm** (v9.0.0 or higher) or **bun** (v1.0.0 or higher)
- **Git**

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer.git
cd Phishing-Analyzer
```

2. **Navigate to the project directory**

```bash
cd Phishing-Analyzer
```

3. **Install dependencies**

Using npm:
```bash
npm install
```

Or using bun (faster):
```bash
bun install
```

4. **Configure environment variables** (Optional)

Create a `.env` file in the root directory if you want to use Supabase features:

```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

> **Note**: The application works without Supabase. It uses localStorage for data persistence by default.

### Running the Application

#### Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

Or with bun:
```bash
bun run dev
```

The application will start at `http://localhost:5173`

#### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

Or with bun:
```bash
bun run build
bun run preview
```

#### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

---

## 📖 Usage

### Basic Analysis

1. **Open the application** in your browser
2. **Paste or type** an email into the text area
3. **Click "Analyze Email"** or press `Ctrl+Enter`
4. **Review the results**: threat score, detected issues, and recommendations

### Using Example Emails

1. Click on **"Example Emails"** in the sidebar
2. Choose from **Safe**, **Suspicious**, or **Phishing** categories
3. Click any example to load it into the analyzer

### Viewing Analysis History

1. Press **`H`** or click the history icon
2. Browse your last 20 analyses
3. Click any history item to reload it

### Taking Security Quizzes

1. Press **`Q`** or click the quiz icon
2. Answer 5 multiple-choice questions
3. Get instant feedback and learn from explanations
4. Track your quiz scores in the stats dashboard

### Checking Your Statistics

1. Press **`S`** or navigate to `/stats`
2. View your total analyses, detection accuracy, and achievements
3. Track your progress toward unlocking new achievements

### Exporting Results

- **Copy to Clipboard**: Click the copy icon
- **Share via URL**: Click the share icon to generate a shareable link
- **Export to PDF**: Click the PDF icon to download a detailed report

---

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action |
|----------|--------|
| `Ctrl+Enter` | Analyze email |
| `Esc` | Clear/Reset analysis |
| `H` | Toggle history sidebar |
| `Q` | Open quiz mode |
| `S` | Toggle stats dashboard |
| `?` | Show keyboard shortcuts help |

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Phishing-Analyzer/
├── public/
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── robots.txt
│   └── sw.js
├── src/
│   ├── components/       # Reusable UI components
│   ├── contexts/         # React contexts (Analytics, etc.)
│   ├── data/            # Static data (example emails, quiz questions)
│   ├── hooks/           # Custom React hooks
│   ├── integrations/    # External service integrations (Supabase)
│   ├── lib/             # Utility libraries
│   ├── pages/           # Page components (Index, Stats, Trends, Assessment)
│   ├── providers/       # Context providers
│   ├── types/           # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── utils/           # Utility functions (detection engine)
│   ├── App.tsx          # Main app component
│   ├── main.tsx         # Entry point
│   └── index.css        # Global styles
├── .env                 # Environment variables (not committed)
├── .gitignore
├── components.json      # Shadcn/ui configuration
├── eslint.config.js     # ESLint configuration
├── index.html           # HTML template
├── package.json         # Dependencies and scripts
├── postcss.config.js    # PostCSS configuration
├── tailwind.config.ts   # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json        # TypeScript configuration
├── vite.config.ts       # Vite configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

---

## 🔍 Features in Detail

### Detection Engine

The phishing detection engine uses multiple heuristics to analyze emails:

1. **Keyword Analysis**: Scans for urgent language, threats, prizes, and action words
2. **URL Inspection**: Checks for IP addresses, shortened URLs, and suspicious TLDs
3. **Brand Detection**: Identifies impersonation attempts of 20+ popular brands
4. **Sensitive Data Requests**: Flags requests for passwords, credit cards, SSN, etc.
5. **Generic Greetings**: Detects non-personalized greetings
6. **Link Density**: Analyzes the number and distribution of links

### Scoring System

- **0-29**: ✅ Safe - Low threat level
- **30-69**: ⚠️ Suspicious - Medium threat level
- **70-100**: 🚨 Phishing - High threat level

### Data Persistence

All data is stored locally using `localStorage`:
- Analysis history (last 20 analyses)
- User statistics and progress
- Achievement unlocks
- Theme preferences
- Quiz scores

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature
   ```
3. **Commit your changes**
   ```bash
   git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'
   ```
4. **Push to the branch**
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/AmazingFeature
   ```
5. **Open a Pull Request**

### Development Guidelines

- Follow the existing code style
- Write meaningful commit messages
- Add comments for complex logic
- Test your changes thoroughly
- Update documentation as needed

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Radix UI** for accessible component primitives
- **Shadcn/ui** for beautiful component designs
- **Tailwind CSS** for utility-first styling
- **Lucide** for the icon library
- **Vercel** for hosting and deployment
- All contributors and users who help improve this tool

---

## 📞 Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions:

- 🐛 [Report a bug](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)
- 💡 [Request a feature](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)
- 📧 Contact: [Your Email]

---

## 🌟 Star History

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a ⭐ on GitHub!

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ for a safer internet**

[⬆ Back to Top](#-ultimate-phishing-analyzer)

</div>

Commit message:

feat: Add complete project with security improvements
- Add comprehensive source code and components
- Update .gitignore to protect environment variables
- Add .env.example template for easy setup
- Include all configuration files
- Add FEATURES.md and TODO.md documentation
- Protect API keys and sensitive data

README.md, after:

# 🛡️ Ultimate Phishing Analyzer

<div align="center">

![Phishing Analyzer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Security-Phishing%20Analyzer-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=shield)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-green?style=for-the-badge)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-orange?style=for-the-badge)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3.1-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.8.3-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)

**An AI-powered, real-time phishing email detection and security analysis tool with advanced threat detection capabilities.**

[Live Demo](https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app) • [Report Bug](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)

</div>

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#-overview)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Demo](#-demo)
- [Technology Stack](#-technology-stack)
- [Getting Started](#-getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
- [Usage](#-usage)
- [Keyboard Shortcuts](#-keyboard-shortcuts)
- [Project Structure](#-project-structure)
- [Features in Detail](#-features-in-detail)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)
- [License](#-license)
- [Acknowledgments](#-acknowledgments)

---

## 🎯 Overview

**Ultimate Phishing Analyzer** is a comprehensive, AI-powered web application designed to help users identify and analyze phishing emails in real-time. With advanced detection algorithms, gamification features, and an intuitive user interface, this tool empowers users to protect themselves from cyber threats.

### Why Use Phishing Analyzer?

- 🚀 **Real-time Analysis**: Get instant feedback as you type with live threat scoring
- 🎯 **High Accuracy**: Advanced detection engine with 85-99% confidence scoring
- 🎮 **Gamified Learning**: Interactive quizzes and achievement system to learn security best practices
- 🌐 **Multilingual Support**: Analyze emails in multiple languages
- 📊 **Comprehensive Reports**: Detailed analysis with threat breakdowns and security recommendations
- ♿ **Accessible**: Full keyboard navigation and screen reader support
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Beautiful, responsive design with dark/light mode

---

## ✨ Features

### 🔍 Core Detection Capabilities

- **Advanced Keyword Detection**: Identifies urgent, prize, threat, and action keywords
- **URL Analysis**: Detects IP-based URLs, shortened links, and suspicious domains
- **Brand Impersonation Detection**: Recognizes fake emails from popular brands (Amazon, Microsoft, PayPal, etc.)
- **Sensitive Information Requests**: Flags requests for passwords, credit cards, SSN, etc.
- **Email Header Parsing**: Validates SPF, DKIM, and DMARC authentication
- **Attachment Analysis**: Detects suspicious download mentions
- **Real-time Scoring**: Live threat scoring (0-100) with 500ms debounce

### 🎨 User Experience

- **Interactive Analysis**: URL highlighter, copy reports, share results, export to PDF
- **Example Email Library**: 7 pre-loaded examples (safe, suspicious, phishing)
- **Analysis History**: Saves last 20 analyses locally
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Smooth theme transitions
- **Micro-interactions**: Confetti for safe emails, shake animation for threats
- **Progress Stepper**: Visual 4-phase analysis indicator
- **Toast Notifications**: Real-time feedback for all actions

### 🎮 Gamification & Learning

- **Quiz Mode**: 5-question security quizzes with instant feedback
- **Achievement System**: 6 unlockable achievements
  - 🏆 First Scan (1 analysis)
  - 🎯 Phishing Hunter (5 phishing detected)
  - 🔒 Security Expert (50 analyses)
  - ⭐ Perfect Detection (100 score email)
  - 🛡️ Safe Keeper (10 safe emails)
  - 🔥 Streak Master (7 days)
- **Statistics Dashboard**: Track your progress with detailed metrics
- **Security Tips Carousel**: 10 rotating security tips with auto-rotation

### ♿ Accessibility Features

- **ARIA Labels**: Complete screen reader support
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Full keyboard accessibility
- **High Contrast Mode**: Support for visual impairments
- **Reduced Motion**: Respects user motion preferences
- **Color-blind Friendly**: Accessible color schemes

### 📊 Analysis & Reporting

- **Threat Score**: 0-100 scoring with color coding
- **Confidence Percentage**: 85-99% confidence levels
- **Detection Metrics**: Keyword matches, URL issues, sensitive requests
- **Pie Chart Visualization**: Threat breakdown
- **Security Recommendations**: Context-specific advice based on threat level
- **Export Options**: Copy to clipboard, share via URL, PDF export

---

## 🎬 Demo

### Live Application
Visit the live demo: [https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app](https://phishing-email-detector-amber.vercel.app)

### Screenshots

> **Note**: Add screenshots of your application here to showcase the UI and features.

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **React 18.3.1** - UI library
- **TypeScript 5.8.3** - Type safety
- **Vite 5.4.19** - Build tool and dev server
- **React Router DOM 6.30.1** - Routing

### UI Components & Styling
- **Tailwind CSS 3.4.17** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Radix UI** - Accessible component primitives
- **Framer Motion 12.23.22** - Animation library
- **Lucide React** - Icon library
- **Shadcn/ui** - Re-usable component library

### State Management & Data
- **TanStack React Query 5.83.0** - Server state management
- **React Hook Form 7.61.1** - Form handling
- **Zod 3.25.76** - Schema validation
- **Supabase** - Backend and database (optional)

### Utilities
- **date-fns** - Date manipulation
- **jsPDF** - PDF generation
- **canvas-confetti** - Celebration effects
- **clsx & tailwind-merge** - Conditional styling

### Development Tools
- **ESLint** - Code linting
- **TypeScript ESLint** - TypeScript-specific linting
- **Autoprefixer** - CSS vendor prefixing
- **PostCSS** - CSS processing

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- **Node.js** (v18.0.0 or higher)
- **npm** (v9.0.0 or higher) or **bun** (v1.0.0 or higher)
- **Git**

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer.git
cd Phishing-Analyzer
```

2. **Navigate to the project directory**

```bash
cd Phishing-Analyzer
```

3. **Install dependencies**

Using npm:
```bash
npm install
```

Or using bun (faster):
```bash
bun install
```

4. **Configure environment variables** (Optional)

Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and add your Supabase credentials:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Then edit `.env` with your actual values:

```env
VITE_SUPABASE_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
VITE_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=your_publishable_key
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project-id.supabase.co
```

> **Note**: The application works without Supabase. It uses localStorage for data persistence by default. Supabase is only needed for advanced features like cloud sync.

### Running the Application

#### Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

Or with bun:
```bash
bun run dev
```

The application will start at `http://localhost:5173`

#### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

Or with bun:
```bash
bun run build
bun run preview
```

#### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

---

## 📖 Usage

### Basic Analysis

1. **Open the application** in your browser
2. **Paste or type** an email into the text area
3. **Click "Analyze Email"** or press `Ctrl+Enter`
4. **Review the results**: threat score, detected issues, and recommendations

### Using Example Emails

1. Click on **"Example Emails"** in the sidebar
2. Choose from **Safe**, **Suspicious**, or **Phishing** categories
3. Click any example to load it into the analyzer

### Viewing Analysis History

1. Press **`H`** or click the history icon
2. Browse your last 20 analyses
3. Click any history item to reload it

### Taking Security Quizzes

1. Press **`Q`** or click the quiz icon
2. Answer 5 multiple-choice questions
3. Get instant feedback and learn from explanations
4. Track your quiz scores in the stats dashboard

### Checking Your Statistics

1. Press **`S`** or navigate to `/stats`
2. View your total analyses, detection accuracy, and achievements
3. Track your progress toward unlocking new achievements

### Exporting Results

- **Copy to Clipboard**: Click the copy icon
- **Share via URL**: Click the share icon to generate a shareable link
- **Export to PDF**: Click the PDF icon to download a detailed report

---

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action |
|----------|--------|
| `Ctrl+Enter` | Analyze email |
| `Esc` | Clear/Reset analysis |
| `H` | Toggle history sidebar |
| `Q` | Open quiz mode |
| `S` | Toggle stats dashboard |
| `?` | Show keyboard shortcuts help |

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
Phishing-Analyzer/
├── public/
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── robots.txt
│   └── sw.js
├── src/
│   ├── components/       # Reusable UI components
│   ├── contexts/         # React contexts (Analytics, etc.)
│   ├── data/            # Static data (example emails, quiz questions)
│   ├── hooks/           # Custom React hooks
│   ├── integrations/    # External service integrations (Supabase)
│   ├── lib/             # Utility libraries
│   ├── pages/           # Page components (Index, Stats, Trends, Assessment)
│   ├── providers/       # Context providers
│   ├── types/           # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── utils/           # Utility functions (detection engine)
│   ├── App.tsx          # Main app component
│   ├── main.tsx         # Entry point
│   └── index.css        # Global styles
├── .env                 # Environment variables (not committed)
├── .gitignore
├── components.json      # Shadcn/ui configuration
├── eslint.config.js     # ESLint configuration
├── index.html           # HTML template
├── package.json         # Dependencies and scripts
├── postcss.config.js    # PostCSS configuration
├── tailwind.config.ts   # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json        # TypeScript configuration
├── vite.config.ts       # Vite configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

---

## 🔍 Features in Detail

### Detection Engine

The phishing detection engine uses multiple heuristics to analyze emails:

1. **Keyword Analysis**: Scans for urgent language, threats, prizes, and action words
2. **URL Inspection**: Checks for IP addresses, shortened URLs, and suspicious TLDs
3. **Brand Detection**: Identifies impersonation attempts of 20+ popular brands
4. **Sensitive Data Requests**: Flags requests for passwords, credit cards, SSN, etc.
5. **Generic Greetings**: Detects non-personalized greetings
6. **Link Density**: Analyzes the number and distribution of links

### Scoring System

- **0-29**: ✅ Safe - Low threat level
- **30-69**: ⚠️ Suspicious - Medium threat level
- **70-100**: 🚨 Phishing - High threat level

### Data Persistence

All data is stored locally using `localStorage`:
- Analysis history (last 20 analyses)
- User statistics and progress
- Achievement unlocks
- Theme preferences
- Quiz scores

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch**
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature
   ```
3. **Commit your changes**
   ```bash
   git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'
   ```
4. **Push to the branch**
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/AmazingFeature
   ```
5. **Open a Pull Request**

### Development Guidelines

- Follow the existing code style
- Write meaningful commit messages
- Add comments for complex logic
- Test your changes thoroughly
- Update documentation as needed

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Radix UI** for accessible component primitives
- **Shadcn/ui** for beautiful component designs
- **Tailwind CSS** for utility-first styling
- **Lucide** for the icon library
- **Vercel** for hosting and deployment
- All contributors and users who help improve this tool

---

## 📞 Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions:

- 🐛 [Report a bug](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)
- 💡 [Request a feature](https://github.com/shii9/Phishing-Analyzer/issues)
- 📧 Contact: [Your Email]

---

## 🌟 Star History

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a ⭐ on GitHub!

---

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ for a safer internet**

[⬆ Back to Top](#-ultimate-phishing-analyzer)

</div>
